docs: Update Deploy an Edge Cluster on VMware tutorial. (#6485)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/tutorials/edge/deploy-cluster.md

node and the remaining two as worker nodes. In this example, the control plane node is called the control plane pool,
and the set of worker nodes is the worker pool.

> Navigate to **CONTROL-PLANE POOL CONFIGURATION** > **Pool Configuration**, select **Add Edge Hosts**, and choose one of
> the registered Edge hosts. The screenshot below shows an Edge host added to the control plane pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **CONTROL-PLANE POOL CONFIGURATION** section, under **Pool Configuration**, select **Add Edge Hosts**, and choose one of
the registered Edge hosts. The screenshot below shows an Edge host added to the control plane pool.
```
I don't think using "Navigate" or angle brackets here is correct. By the time they get to this step, they are already at the CONTROL-PLANE POOL CONFIGURATION section. Additionally, they don't click CONTROL-PLANE POOL CONFIGURATION or Pool Configuration; they're just reference points to make sure they're in the right place. Maybe something like the above? :)

![Screenshot of an Edge host added to the control plane pool.](/tutorials/edge/tutorials_edge_deploy-cluster_add-control-node.webp)

This tutorial does not require you to modify the default values of the **CONTROL-PLANE POOL CONFIGURATION** fields or
configure the hosts.

> Navigate to **WORKER POOL CONFIGURATION** > **Pool Configuration**, select **Add Edge Hosts**, and choose the remaining
> two Edge hosts. The screenshot below shows two Edge hosts added to the worker pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **WORKER POOL CONFIGURATION** section, under **Pool Configuration**, select **Add Edge Hosts**, and choose the remaining
two Edge hosts. The screenshot below shows two Edge hosts added to the worker pool.
```
Similar suggestion :)
